One brother, me.
Go to Xiaoshuang, old lady,
sorry. The prince is here,
The attire is appropriate for Prince Fei Nvyu.
His Royal Highness has not taken your little one into marriage.
I'm very embarrassed, I'm afraid of finding a eldest daughter,
He also threatened her parents.
From now on, don't get along with this girl until you die.
It's okay to live, but you can only remember the past,
Good morning to us and thank you.
Princess, it's okay to feel uncomfortable.
Weichen will tell you that the last princess was born with shortcomings.
It was lost when I was a child and it weakened my body.
It needs to be hinted at the fire waist, even if it is adjusted.
Otherwise, I'll replace it later when I'm older.
There will be more suffering ministers
I'll open a house for you now
Your Majesty, are you happy?
The princess is too polite
I must believe that Dr. Sun is the doctor
I want to ask about this matter
You ask the imperial doctor
Since he has some skills